Question 1:	What does a neuron compute?
Answer: 	A neuron computes the mean of all the features before applying the output to an activation function.

Question 2: Which of these is the "Logistic Loss"?
Answer: 	L(yhat,y) = -(ylog(yhat) + (1-y)log(1-yhat))
		
Question 3: Recall this diagram of iterating over different ML ideas. Which of the statements below are true?
Answer: 	Being able to try out ideas quickly allows deep learning engineers to iterate more quickly.
			Faster computation can help speed up how long a team takes to iterate to a good idea.
			Recent progress in deep learning algorithms has allowed us to train good models faster.

Question 4: When an experienced deep learning engineer works on a new problem...
Answer: 	False

Question 5: Which one of these plots represents a ReLU activation function?
Answer: 	Figure 3

Question 6: Images for cat recognition is an example of "structured" data, because it is represented as a structured 
			array in a computer. True/False?
Answer: 	False

Question 7: A demographic dataset with statistics on different cities' population, GDP per capita, economic growth, is an example of 
			"unstructured" data because it contains data coming from different sources. True/False?
Answer: 	False

Question 8: Why is an RNN used for machine translation, say translating English to French?
Answer: 	It can be trained as a supervised learning problem.
			It is applicable when the input/output is a sequence.
			RNNs represent the recurrent process of Idea->Code->Experiment->Idea->...

Question 9: In this diagram which we hand-drew in lecture, what do the horizontal axis and vertical axis represent?
Answer: 	x-axis is the amount of data.
			y-axis is the performance of the algorithm.

Question 10: Assuming the trends described in the previous question's figure are accurate, which of the following are true?
Answer: 	Increasing the size of a neural network generally does not hurt an algorithm's performance, and it may help significantly.
			Increasing the training set size generally does not hurt an algorithm's performance, and it may help significantly.